I am interested in creating places where people have a sense of being connected – of being a part of something larger.
I am interested in painting as it helps me remember.
I am interested in, how the male is represented and constructed in culture, with all its stereotyping pictures and its suppressing mechanism.
I am interested in the natural landscape as an abstraction of reality and simplify composition to focus on the most important subject in the scene. 
I am interested in creating compelling experiences for people through interactive computer-mediated communication.
I am interested in achieving a subtle suggestion of the “familiar yet uncomfortable.”
I am interested in pottery that is joyous; objects that weave into our daily lives through use.
I am interested in the unnerving possibility of multiple meanings, dual perceptions, and limitlessness in the seemingly binary. 
I am interested in producing work around ideas based on the interplay between people, their relationships and in understanding the dynamic between family, friends and strangers.
I am interested in exploring the role of handmade pottery in today’s world.
I am interested in the way that separate pieces can come together to form something entirely new and different.
I am interested in the phenomenological experienced through the mundane.
I am interested in creating work which explores sociopolitical themes, exposes the identities and ideologies of Western culture which are in the collective unconscious, fights for marginalized communities, and demands attention and reactions from the audience/observers.
I am interested in capturing very specific moods that emphasize light and distance.
I am interested in questioning the role of the artist.
I am interested in work that resides both in the objective and non-objective worlds.
I am interested in pottery with personality, beauty, and attitude.
I am interested in abstracting landscapes and seascapes of places I’ve experienced and, through exploring color, light, and shape, altering the reality of what I see with what I feel.
I am interested in having my sculptures say more about us as a people, about our spirits or our aspirations.
I am interested in a political art, that is to say an art of ambiguity, contradiction, uncompleted gestures and uncertain ending – an art (and a politics) in which optimism is kept in check, and nihilism at bay.
I am interested in how music is felt with our bodies.
I am interested in the emergent relationships between robotics and humans.
I am interested in the inherent psychology of the work and the slightly surreal aesthetic that emerges during the making process.
I am interested in the natural landscape as a primary place of human action and reflection.
I am interested in subject matter relating to philosophical quests and anthropological themes.
I am interested in exploring how these incarnations exist simultaneously and how each one has an affect on the individual over time.
I am interested in gesture and the play of positive and negative space with a limited palette.
I am interested in how stories that are frequently told and re-told may shape civic and community life. In moments when our community experiences intractability, viciousness, or despair, how can our narratives be re-framed or expanded to support movement, dialogue, and vitality?
I am interested in using various forms of technology to explore modes of presentations in moving and still images, space and time, perceptions and perspectives.
I am interested in the idea of holding on to fleeting memories and what images are consistent in the memory of a person.
I am interested in how any thing – an object, an action or an idea – is made.
I am interested in the way human beings think of the self; how we view each other, our identity and our nature.